docs for CYPRESS_NO_COMMAND_LOG (#3230)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/guides/command-line.md

DEBUG=cypress:server:project cypress run
```

## Disable the Command Log

> In some cases the Command Log, responsible for rendering info about commands, assertions, and test status in the browser, causes performance issues resulting in slowed or crashing test suites. 
> 
> In order to isolate these issues by disabling Command Log rendering, use `CYPRESS_NO_COMMAND_LOG=1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %}, responsible for rendering test commands, assertions, and status in the Test Runner may cause performance issues resulting in slower tests or the browser crashing. 

In order to isolate these issues, you can disable the Command Log rendering by passing the environment variable below.
```

```shell

> CYPRESS_NO_COMMAND_LOG=1 cypress run

Reviewer: Will this only work during `cypress run` or also `cypress open`?
